Document range index commands (create, drop, list and back constraints) (#1257)
neo4j/neo4j-documentation: cypher/cypher-docs/src/docs/dev/deprecations-additions-and-compatibility.asciidoc

----
a|
B-tree indexes are deprecated and need to be migrated before upgrading to 5.0.

B-tree indexes with the `lucene+native-3.0` index provider and no index configuration settings are replaced by:
[source, cypher, role="noheader"]
----
CREATE TEXT INDEX ...
----

a|
label:functionality[]
label:deprecated[]
[source, cypher, role="noheader"]
----
CREATE [BTREE] INDEX
...
OPTIONS "{" indexProvider: 'native-btree-1.0' "}"
----
a|
B-tree indexes are deprecated and need to be migrated before upgrading to 5.0.

B-tree indexes with the `native-btree-1.0` index provider and no index configuration settings are replaced by:
[source, cypher, role="noheader"]
----
CREATE RANGE INDEX ...
----

a|
label:functionality[]
label:deprecated[]
[source, cypher, role="noheader"]
----
CREATE [BTREE] INDEX
...
OPTIONS "{" indexConfig: btree-spatial-setting[, ...], indexProvider: btree-provider "}"
----
a|
B-tree indexes are deprecated and need to be migrated before upgrading to 5.0.

a|
label:functionality[]
label:deprecated[]
[source, cypher, role="noheader"]
----
CREATE BTREE INDEX ...
----
a|
B-tree indexes are deprecated and need to be migrated before upgrading to 5.0.

> B-tree indexes without specifying any index provider and configuration settings are replaced by:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
B-tree indexes without specified index provider and configuration settings are replaced by:
```
alternatively:
B-tree indexes that do not specify any index provider or configuration settings are replaced by:

They can be dropped by using their name.

> a|

Reviewer 2: Once we know how much planner support we will have, we should probably go through this list and look so the order of the additions and deprecation is as pedagogical as possible

Author: probably yes, I have tried to add things in order now:

new index type added -> text then range (incl constraint) then point
old deprecated -> create (text then range then point) then show then constraints I think it was

but we should definitely look it over once we know which parts got in

a|
Node key and uniqueness constraints with b-tree options are deprecated and will need migration before upgrading to 5.0.

Replaced by:
[source, cypher, role="noheader"]
----
CREATE CONSTRAINT
...
OPTIONS "{" range-option: range-value[, ...] "}"
----

> 

Reviewer 2: This is not a 1-1 replacement since you could have had point config in your b-tree-backed constraints that you will have to throw away when changing them to range-backed. Maybe we should add a note or something about that?

Author: The same is true for text indexes... if you had the lucene provider and point settings 🤷

And to be fair, you could give the lucene provider to the constraints before as well...

Author: If you know a good way to formulate a note we could add one

Author: I did add a note?

Reviewer 2: Yes I know, wanted to look at it in my new build before I resolved and then I got distracted by reviewing another PR.
